refactoring of benchmarks (#30)
kinvolk/benchmark-containers: configs/memtier/readme.md

# Memtier

### How to install

Make sure you have lokomotive cluster up and running.

```bash

> # To install, run this from the root of the directory.
> helm install memtier configs/memtier
> 
> # To uninstall
> helm uninstall memtier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# To install, run this
helm install \
    --create-namespace \
    --namespace memtier \
    memtier .

# To uninstall
helm uninstall memtier
kubectl delete ns memtier
```
